# Alpha-Machina---Lets-Trade-Properly-Now-

ALPHAMACHINA.AI

--- The Most Powerful Market Penetrator

Pre-configured 24/7 crypto trading bot with inbuilt professionally managed trading strategies and signals.

PLATFORM FEATURES

•	100% automatic trading : Just connect your API and our bot will automatically trade for you, automatically, 24/7.
•	100% pre-configured : No configuration required. No need to research strategies. The bot is 100% pre-configured for the best results.
•	100% profit in your account : All trades happen in your OWN exchange account and you are the beneficiary of 100% of the profits. You just share 20% of the profits as platform fees (in AMR tokens) to fuel the ecosystem.
•	100% safe : Your trade funds and your profits are in your OWN account and your credentials are safe with you in your computer.
•	No trading experience required : You need ZERO trading experience to use our bot. Our proprietary bot and our crypto professionals are on the job just for YOU.
•	Bot strategies managed by professionals : Our professional crypto traders are constantly on the job to improvise and implement new strategies to give you the best profits.
•	Ultra fast servers : We employ the fastest servers available to execute trades at lightning speeds.
•	Best signals in the industry : We have tied up to source the best signals to execute the most profitable trades just for you.
•	Inbuilt mechanisms to minimize loss : Foolproof strategies preprogrammed into the Bot to reduce losses to a bare minimum.
•	Fractional trades to protect capital : Each trade uses a fraction of the capital in order to secure the capital as well as maximize profits by opening multiple trades in different assets.
•	Minting rewards : Earn minting rewards in AMR token for using our bot. Please click here to see more details. /here – link to staking and minting page.

THE AMR TOKEN

AMR token is an ERC-20 token which is designed as a native token for the Alpha Machina ecosystem. You will be able to use the AMR tokens for subscribing to our bot as well as earning minting rewards for staking AMR tokens. To see the detailed use case of AMR tokens Click Here / Link to AMR Token Use Cases

The total circulation of AMR tokens is capped at 3.69 billion tokens out of which 66.67% tokens are pre mined and 33.33% tokens will be reserved for the AMR token minting process to incentivize staking. The complete AMR token distribution model is as under : 

TOKEN DISTRIBUTION	NO. OF TOKENS 	%AGE OF TOKENS
Private sale, Pre ICO, ICO*	300 million	8.13%
Public Sale	300 million	8.13%
Marketing including referral model, airdrops, bonus etc.	674 million	18.27%
Project development, upkeep and innovation	500 million	13.55%
Founders & Advisors	 686 million	18.59%
Reserved for minting process	1230 million	33.33%
 
*  The token sale during the private sale, pre-ICO stage and ICO will have the following number of tokens and bonus distribution:

SALE STAGE	PRICE PER 10000 TOKENS (IN ETH)	NO. OF TOKENS (IN MILLIONS)	SALE PERIOD	MIN. TOKEN SALE VALUE IN ETH	MAX TOKEN SALE VALUE IN ETH	BONUS TOKENS (IF MAX VESTING)	VESTING PERIOD
ANGEL ROUND	0.01	30	15 DAYS	1.5 ETH	5 ETH	25%	100% TOKENS WILL BE UP FOR SALE IN PUBLIC SALE
PRIVATE SALE PH 1	0.02	30	15 DAYS	0.02	1	25%	PUBLIC SALE + 60 DAYS
PH 2	0.025	30	15 DAYS	0.025	1	20%	PUBLIC SALE + 45 DAYS
PH 3	0.03	30	15 DAYS	0.03	1	15%	PUBLIC SALE + 30 DAYS
PH 4	0.035	30	15 DAYS	0.035	1	10%	PUBLIC SALE + 15 DAYS
ICO	0.05	150	30 DAYS	0.05	1	5%	3 MONTHS LOCKIN
PUBLIC SALE	0.06	300		0.06			3 MONTHS LOCKIN


PRIVATE SALE IS LIVE NOW!!!!

Click here to purchase AMR tokens.







USE CASE OF AMR TOKENS IN THE ALPHAMACHINA ECOSYSTEM

The AMR token is designed as the native token of the Alpha Machina ecosystem and will have the following use cases :

1.	Subscription model : As detailed in the Subscription / Staking section of the website.

2.	Staking model : As detailed in the Subscription / Staking section of the website.

3.	Sharing of profits with the platform : The profits generated by our proprietary bot accumulate in your own exchange trading account. To keep the ecosystem vibrant and running, we share 20% of the profits. This is done by deducting the same from a running balance account maintained by you in AMR tokens. You are required to keep AMR tokens worth 20$ to start the bot (in both models i.e. staking and subscription) and topping up the balance as soon as the same reaches 5$ (the current rates will be auto fetched in your back office).

4.	Minting and burning of tokens : The AlphaMachina team has designed a unique minting and burning process. The minting process is designed to incentivize our proprietary bot users that use the staking model. The burning process has been designed to burn a set number of tokens at set intervals till the overall supply of AMR tokens reduces to 50%. Please see the minting and burning section for more details on this.

5.	Incentivizing affiliates : Alpha Machina has a robust affiliate program to incentivize promotion of the bot services offered by Alpha Machina. The affiliates are incentivized in AMR tokens being the native token of the ecosystem.




SUBSCRIPTION / STAKING FOR OUR PROPREITARY BOT

You can use the bot services by choosing either a monthly subscription model or a HIGHLY LUCRATIVE staking model. Each model is detailed below for understanding :

1.	Subscription model : You can choose a monthly / yearly model to pay for the subscription of the bot services. The amount of subscription depends on the number of exchanges (maximum 3 per bot) you wish to connect with our bot. The amount to be paid is as under :

		NO. OF EXCHANGES		SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT PAYABLE IN 
AMR TOKENS
						MONTHLY		YEARLY
			1 Exchange		12$			99$
			2 Exchanges		24$			198$
			3 Exchanges		36$			297$

	The cost above includes the cost of the proprietary bot as well as certain free signals and strategies inbuilt into the bot.

2.	Staking model : You can choose the highly lucrative staking model of Alpha Machina to get our bot services practically FREE.

Just stake the required AMR tokens and the subscription of the bot is free. The staking requirements are again in terms of the number of exchanges you wish to connect the bot to. The requirements are as under :

NO. OF EXCHANGES		SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT IN AMR TOKENS
			1 Exchange			10000 AMR tokens
			2 Exchanges			20000 AMR tokens
			3 Exchanges			30000 AMR tokens

All stakers enjoy ZERO subscription fees till the time they stake the required tokens with the system. Also, staking of AMR tokens will earn you newly minted AMR tokens on a daily basis as per the minting process explained here. / here – hyperlink leading to minting process. 


AMR TOKEN MINTING PROCESS

33.33% of the total supply of AMR tokens has been locked in a smart contract based minting process. 

The minting process will be based on the total trade volume generated by our bot on a daily basis across all exchanges. The formula for the same is as under :

TOTAL VOLUME = Volume generated by each bot in all exchanges for all clients of Alpha Machina

TOKENS MINTED = 		TOTAL VOLUME x 1% 
     	                   	----------------------------
		         		AMR token price at mint time
		         		(fetched in real time from listed exchange)

Thus, every day at a pre-determined time, the following formula will generate tokens. The tokens will be distributed among all the users staking AMR tokens according to their staking at that particular time.

This will reward users staking AMR tokens handsomely for using the bot as well as sharing their profits with the platform.

AMR TOKEN BURNING PROCESS

The burning process of Alpha Machina platform will start in Q1 2022. The process is designed to operate till 50% of the tokens in circulation are burnt. The details about the same will be posted in due course.

ALPHAMACHINA AFFILIATE PROGRAM

Alpha Machina offers an amazing affiliate program to promote the Alpha Machina ecosystem and especially the services of our proprietary bot.

The affiliate program incentivizes you up to your 6th generation organizational structure that you can create through your referral link. The referral link is available in your back office.

You should be a subscriber to our bot services through the staking model in order to participate in the Alpha Machina affiliate program.

Incentives are paid as per the undermentioned affiliate program on the following actions performed in the Alpha Machina ecosystem: 

1.	Introducing someone who uses our bot services through the subscription model.
2.	Introducing someone who uses our bot services through the staking model.
3.	On the profits shared by a user with the platform.
4.	On the minting yield earned by your organization through the staking of AMR tokens.

The Alpha Machina affiliate program incentivizes you as below: 

PARTICULARS	%AGE DISTRIBUTION
Any direct partner introduced by you through your referral link.	20%
Your 2nd generation i.e., your direct referrals direct	6%
Your 3rd generation	5%
Your 4th generation	4%
Your 5th generation	3%
Your 6th generation	2%

Let’s understand with a small example: 

Let’s say: 
You introduce ‘A’ who stakes 10,000 tokens and starts using the services of the bot. 

‘A’ earns 1000$ as profits through our bot and shares 20000 tokens (Assuming 0.01$ as value of the token) with the platform.

‘A’ also earns minting reward of 100 tokens.

As you sponsored ‘A’ directly, you earn 

	20% of 10000 tokens staked			2000 tokens
	20% of 20000 tokens shared as profit	4000 tokens
	20% of 100 tokens earned as minting	    20 tokens

Now let’s say ‘A’ introduces ‘B’ who stakes 20,000 tokens and starts using the services of the bot for 2 exchanges. 

‘B’ earns 2000$ profits and shares 40000 tokens (assuming 1 AMR = 0.01$) with the platform. Also ‘B’ earns 200 tokens as minting rewards from the Alpha Machina ecosystem.

Now, ‘A’ who sponsored ‘B’ earns 20% i.e. 2,000 tokens against staking, 8000 tokens against profit sharing and 40 tokens against the minting rewards of ‘B’.

Now, ‘B’ is your second generation you will get 6% i.e. 
	6% of 20000 tokens staked			1200 tokens
	6% of 40000 tokens shared as profit		2400 tokens
	6% of 200 tokens				    12 tokens

MOST IMPORTANT : The distribution of tokens as per the affiliate program above will be done only once the bot is activated (activation means funding the exchange account and connecting the API with our bot) by the person subscribing for the bot.

TOKEN SWAP : The AMR tokens earned through the affiliate program will have NO LOCK IN period. 
Till the time the tokens are listed on any DEX or CEX, an affiliate will be able to swap the tokens at the rate prevailing at the time the tokens were earned by the affiliate. 

For example, you earn 10000 tokens when the rate of 10000 tokens is 0.02 ETH, you will get 0.02 ETH for the same whenever you exchange the tokens from Alpha Machina platform. You are free to sell the same in a P2P scenario.



